spotify-clone/NETLIFY_DEPLOYMENT.md, before:

# Netlify Deployment Guide for Spotify Clone

## Files Created/Modified for Netlify Deployment:

1. **netlify.toml** - Main Netlify configuration file
2. **public/_redirects** - Backup redirect rules
3. **.eslintrc.json** - Updated ESLint configuration  
4. **next.config.ts** - Updated with Netlify-compatible settings
5. **package.json** - Added Netlify Next.js plugin

## Deployment Steps:

### 1. Environment Variables
Before deploying, make sure to set up these environment variables in your Netlify dashboard:

- `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_URL`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`
- `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY`
- `STRIPE_API_KEY`
- `STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY`
- `STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY`

### 2. Deploy to Netlify:

#### Option A: Git Integration (Recommended)
1. Push your code to GitHub/GitLab/Bitbucket
2. Go to [Netlify](https://netlify.com)
3. Click "New site from Git"
4. Connect your repository
5. Set build settings:
   - Build command: `npm run build`
   - Publish directory: `.next`
6. Add your environment variables in Site Settings > Environment Variables
7. Deploy!

#### Option B: Manual Deploy
1. Run `npm run build` locally
2. Zip the `.next` folder and `package.json`
3. Drag and drop to Netlify

### 3. Post-Deploy Configuration:

#### Update Stripe Webhook URL:
- Go to your Stripe Dashboard > Webhooks
- Update the endpoint URL to: `https://your-netlify-site.netlify.app/api/webhooks`

#### Update Supabase Settings:
- Go to Supabase Dashboard > Authentication > URL Configuration  
- Add your Netlify URL to Site URL and Redirect URLs

### 4. Common Issues and Solutions:

#### "Page Not Found" Error:
- ✅ **Fixed**: Added proper redirects in `netlify.toml` and `_redirects`
- ✅ **Fixed**: Configured Next.js for Netlify compatibility

#### Build Errors:
- ✅ **Fixed**: Disabled ESLint and TypeScript checks during build
- ✅ **Fixed**: Added Netlify Next.js plugin

#### API Routes Not Working:
- ✅ **Fixed**: Configured proper API route handling in `netlify.toml`

## Technical Details:

### What the configuration does:
- **netlify.toml**: Configures build settings, redirects, and plugin usage
- **Next.js config**: Disables strict checks for deployment, enables Netlify compatibility  
- **_redirects**: Backup redirect rules for SPA routing and API routes
- **ESLint config**: Relaxed rules to prevent build failures

### File Structure After Deployment:
```
.next/                 # Built Next.js application
├── static/           # Static assets
├── server/           # Server-side code
└── ...              # Other Next.js build artifacts
```

## Testing Your Deployment:

1. ✅ Homepage loads correctly
2. ✅ Navigation between pages works  
3. ✅ API routes respond (test `/api/webhooks`)
4. ✅ Authentication flows work
5. ✅ Stripe integration functions
6. ✅ File uploads work (if using Supabase storage)

## Need Help?
- Check Netlify build logs for specific errors
- Verify all environment variables are set
- Test API routes using browser dev tools
- Check Supabase and Stripe dashboard for configuration issues

Commit message:

Migrate from Supabase to NextAuth and Prisma
Replaces Supabase authentication and database with NextAuth.js and Prisma using a Neon PostgreSQL database. Adds NextAuth API routes, Prisma client, and updates all authentication, liked songs, and middleware logic to use NextAuth and Prisma. Removes Supabase dependencies and providers, updates deployment and setup documentation for Netlify and Neon, and adds new guides for OAuth and database migration. Updates LikeButton and AuthModal to use NextAuth, and adjusts protected route middleware. Removes Supabase-related files and configuration.

spotify-clone/NETLIFY_DEPLOYMENT.md, after:

# Netlify Deployment Guide for Spotify Clone

## Files Created/Modified for Netlify Deployment:

1. **netlify.toml** - Main Netlify configuration file
2. **public/_redirects** - Backup redirect rules
3. **.eslintrc.json** - Updated ESLint configuration  
4. **next.config.ts** - Updated with Netlify-compatible settings
5. **package.json** - Added Netlify Next.js plugin

## Deployment Steps:

### 1. Environment Variables
Before deploying, make sure to set up these environment variables in your Netlify dashboard:

- `NEXTAUTH_SECRET`
- `NEXTAUTH_URL` 
- `DATABASE_URL` (Neon DB)
- `GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID`
- `GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET`
- `DISCORD_CLIENT_ID`
- `DISCORD_CLIENT_SECRET`
- `SPOTIFY_CLIENT_ID`
- `SPOTIFY_CLIENT_SECRET`
- `NEXT_PUBLIC_STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY`
- `STRIPE_SECRET_KEY`
- `STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET`

### 2. Deploy to Netlify:

#### Option A: Git Integration (Recommended)
1. Push your code to GitHub/GitLab/Bitbucket
2. Go to [Netlify](https://netlify.com)
3. Click "New site from Git"
4. Connect your repository
5. Set build settings:
   - Build command: `npm run build`
   - Publish directory: `.next`
6. Add your environment variables in Site Settings > Environment Variables
7. Deploy!

#### Option B: Manual Deploy
1. Run `npm run build` locally
2. Zip the `.next` folder and `package.json`
3. Drag and drop to Netlify

### 3. Post-Deploy Configuration:

#### Update Stripe Webhook URL:
- Go to your Stripe Dashboard > Webhooks
- Update the endpoint URL to: `https://sparkling-heliotrope-0d2ded.netlify.app/api/webhooks`

#### Update OAuth Provider Settings:
- Add your Netlify URL to all OAuth provider redirect URIs
- Google: Add `https://sparkling-heliotrope-0d2ded.netlify.app/api/auth/callback/google`
- Discord: Add `https://sparkling-heliotrope-0d2ded.netlify.app/api/auth/callback/discord`  
- Spotify: Add `https://sparkling-heliotrope-0d2ded.netlify.app/api/auth/callback/spotify`

### 4. Common Issues and Solutions:

#### "Page Not Found" Error:
- ✅ **Fixed**: Added proper redirects in `netlify.toml` and `_redirects`
- ✅ **Fixed**: Configured Next.js for Netlify compatibility

#### Build Errors:
- ✅ **Fixed**: Disabled ESLint and TypeScript checks during build
- ✅ **Fixed**: Added Netlify Next.js plugin

#### API Routes Not Working:
- ✅ **Fixed**: Configured proper API route handling in `netlify.toml`

## Technical Details:

### What the configuration does:
- **netlify.toml**: Configures build settings, redirects, and plugin usage
- **Next.js config**: Disables strict checks for deployment, enables Netlify compatibility  
- **_redirects**: Backup redirect rules for SPA routing and API routes
- **ESLint config**: Relaxed rules to prevent build failures

### File Structure After Deployment:
```
.next/                 # Built Next.js application
├── static/           # Static assets
├── server/           # Server-side code
└── ...              # Other Next.js build artifacts
```

## Testing Your Deployment:

1. ✅ Homepage loads correctly
2. ✅ Navigation between pages works  
3. ✅ API routes respond (test `/api/webhooks`)
4. ✅ Authentication flows work
5. ✅ Stripe integration functions
6. ✅ File uploads work (if using Supabase storage)

## Need Help?
- Check Netlify build logs for specific errors
- Verify all environment variables are set
- Test API routes using browser dev tools
- Check Supabase and Stripe dashboard for configuration issues
